Add cars-assemble concept exercise (#1035)
exercism/php: exercises/concept/cars-assemble/.docs/hints.md

# Hints

## General

- The introduction covers the comparison operators you need for this exercise.
- You may also review the [comparison operators][comparison-operators] documentation.

## 1. Calculate the success rate

> - Compare `$speed` with the boundary values from the table (`===`, `>=`, `>`, `<=`, or `<` as needed).

Reviewer: This is the fine line between "giving away the solution" and "help as much as possible":

```suggestion
- Compare `$speed` with the boundary values from the table.
- Use `identity`, `greater than`, `greater or equal`, `lower than`, `lower or equal` operators as needed.
```

> - You can use a simple `if` statement to return the matching success rate.

Reviewer: We want to avoid using `simple`, as this might actually be hard for students really new to programming:

```suggestion
- You can use an `if` statement to return the matching success rate.
```

## 2. Calculate the production rate per hour

- Reuse the `successRate()` method you wrote earlier: `$this->successRate($speed)`.

> - Multiply `221`, `$speed`, and the success rate.

Reviewer: To me, that is described very good in the instructions.

```suggestion
```

> - PHP can multiply integers and floating-point numbers together; the result may be a float.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PHP can multiply integers and floating-point numbers together.
```

## 3. Check whether the line is running

> - Use a not-identical comparison (`!==`) against `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the not-identical comparison from the list of comparison operators.
```

> - Return the boolean result of that comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Directly return the result of that comparison.
```

## 4. Compare two line speeds

> - The spaceship operator (`<=>`) returns `-1`, `0`, or `1` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is a comparison operator that returns `-1`, `0`, or `1`.
- Directly return the result of that comparison.
```
